Assuming that you are the best java developer.Using java and javafx, write the code and implement all functionalities,
so that I can copy and paste, also add comments where necessary. Make the UI really amusing and Professional.
Data should be saved in textfiles. Also use a file architecture, MVC.
 Please meet all the requirements of this scenario below, write the whole code;

 Start by giving me a command to run to on terminal to create folders and files Package: 'com.javaassignment.myassignment'

Each interface should have a fxml

The assignment scenario You have been newly hired as a junior programmer at Bookworm Haven, an emerging bookstore.
The company has experienced rapid growth in the wake of the digital age, and with an increasing number of customers and books,
managing the inventory and transactions has become challenging. Bookworm Haven is seeking an effective solution to streamline its operations.
Your task is to develop a Bookstore Management System to handle inventory, sales, and customer information efficiently.
The records data will be added in a text file.

Requirements:
a. GUIDesign (Strictly JavaFX) [10marks]
i. Plan,design,and create a user-friendly GUI for the BookstoreManagement System.

b. System Features [50 marks]
i. A menu to select operations, including adding new books, managing inventory, and processing sales. [DONE]
ii. Ability to add new books to the inventory with details such as ISBN, title, author, genre, price, and quantity. [DONE]
iii. Ability to display the entire book inventory with relevant details. [DONE]
iv. Implement a search functionality allowing users to find books based on author, genre, or title. [DONE]
v. Provide a feature to process book sales, updating inventory and generating sales reports. [DONE]
vi. Implement a customer management system with the ability to add new customers and view their purchase history.
vii. Include a feature to calculate and display the total revenue generated by the bookstore. [DONE]
viii. Allow users to view a list of top-selling books. [DONE]

c. OOP Practices [15 marks]
i. Modularize the program through the separation of classes.
ii. Apply principles of inheritance, polymorphism, and interfaces where appropriate.

GUIDELINES
i. Implement your program with a GUI
ii. Your programming method should be Object-Oriented i.e. good programming practices such as separation of classes.
iii. Apply OO principles such as abstraction, inheritance, polymorphism and encapsulation.
iv. Provide test cases for your program and show sample input/output outcome. v. Students must use their own datasets.